there's our van parked in idyllic
surroundings as usual but the purpose of
this video is to show you the route to
the toilets so i'm now walking along in
that general direction i won't be able
to give a commentary all the time
because i don't want to offend the owner
of the site but you have to go out of
the side past the field scrap vans and
so forth and past the smoking skip which
apparently is got shotgun cartridges in
it so it goes bang every now and then
throw the scrapyard along the side of
this strange building it seems to be
some kind of a workshop and then we pass
into a tank yes this is a talk so we
came in and this is where we're going
it's a bit wet on the bottom and then
out to the tunk into the corridor good
luck in this room seems to be some kind
of an old laundry
those the latest
they are other gems which are one quite
and beg quite pleasant really showers
sinks toilets
yep even hot water